Duke Shen
Thanks to you for helping me save Langang Commercial Street
No one took my wife's things away
Husband is so nice
Since I left the Ye family
It's always been you in charge
I will also do my part for this little family
You see, this is the fund I went to the company to talk about today.
It only took one day to invest and went up by 100 million
Let me see.
Is this Shen Tian's enterprise?
Look, this is a branch office.
The head office is in the United States
They're going to invite me on an expedition tomorrow.
United States
Hey wife
America is a long way away
I'll handle this kind of thing
Are you in charge of the big picture at home?
OK, then be careful on the way.
Is it okay?
The owner found out the boss behind the company
It is Shen Tian
As expected
That was him?
This company is based in the United States
Recently, many companies have been deceived by them.
Shen Tian didn't expect it to be him
Using the Shen family to do this kind of thing that destroys the building
Must get rid of him
I'll do it now.
No, I'll do it myself.
Arrange an identity for me
Send me to Ming